README.md, before:

# Agent Swarm Control Panel

One UI to run multiple agents (researcher/coder/tester/writer/scheduler) with approvals, logs, and guardrails.

## What it does
- Monitor active agents, runs, and live logs in one dashboard
- Track approval requests before any agent touches external tools or repos
- Control policies, spend, and evidence bundles from a single surface
- Queue new runs instantly from top bar, runs panel, or template actions
- Surface run health summary (SLA risk, pending approvals, error pressure, spend at risk)
- Surface outcome metrics, activation loops, and feedback signals to drive adoption
- Connect integrations (Slack, Linear, Notion, Zapier) from a launchpad view

## Quickstart
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Commands
```bash
make setup
make dev
make check
```

## Tech stack
- React + Vite + TypeScript
- Vitest + Testing Library
- ESLint

## Docker
```bash
docker build -t agent-swarm-control-panel .
docker run -p 4173:4173 agent-swarm-control-panel
```

## Status
MVP UI with approvals drawer, policy editor, log filters/pinning, growth momentum dashboard, run health summary, and local state import/export. Evidence exports now include SHA-256 integrity metadata, and run-duration/SLA badges are computed from run timestamps/event data (not static seeds). No authentication (local-only).

## Screenshots
Add screenshots/GIFs after the first UI pass.

Commit message:

Add evidence pack checksum verification modal

README.md, after:

# Agent Swarm Control Panel

One UI to run multiple agents (researcher/coder/tester/writer/scheduler) with approvals, logs, and guardrails.

## What it does
- Monitor active agents, runs, and live logs in one dashboard
- Track approval requests before any agent touches external tools or repos
- Control policies, spend, and evidence bundles from a single surface
- Verify exported evidence packs against the embedded checksum for integrity
- Queue new runs instantly from top bar, runs panel, or template actions
- Surface run health summary (SLA risk, pending approvals, error pressure, spend at risk)
- Surface outcome metrics, activation loops, and feedback signals to drive adoption
- Connect integrations (Slack, Linear, Notion, Zapier) from a launchpad view

## Quickstart
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Commands
```bash
make setup
make dev
make check
```

## Tech stack
- React + Vite + TypeScript
- Vitest + Testing Library
- ESLint

## Docker
```bash
docker build -t agent-swarm-control-panel .
docker run -p 4173:4173 agent-swarm-control-panel
```

## Status
MVP UI with approvals drawer, policy editor, log filters/pinning, growth momentum dashboard, run health summary, and local state import/export. Evidence exports now include SHA-256 integrity metadata, and run-duration/SLA badges are computed from run timestamps/event data (not static seeds). No authentication (local-only).

## Screenshots
Add screenshots/GIFs after the first UI pass.
